[docs] clarify reactivity rules (#7802)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/01-component-format.md

</script>
```

> #### 2. Assignments cause updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. Assignments are 'reactive'
```

---

> Because Svelte's change tracking is based on assignments, using array methods like `.push()` and `.splice()` won't automatically trigger updates. A subsequent assignment is required to trigger the update. This and more details can also be found in the [tutorial](/tutorial/updating-arrays-and-objects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Svelte's reactivity is based on assignments, using array methods like `.push()` and `.splice()` won't automatically trigger updates. A subsequent assignment is required to trigger the update. This and more details can also be found in the [tutorial](/tutorial/updating-arrays-and-objects).
```
